Mr. Gu, this child, I plan freely
You can help me arrange the wedding.
Everything will be discussed after the baby is born
Do you really want to marry her?
Miss Lin's side
I am free to plan
Yes
We have an urgent news break.
Just now
The Tang family official announced the daughter Tang Yuxing
And President of Story Group
Gu Yiming's good news
The two are about to have a wedding
Will I have a chance to leave?
Why are you laughing?
Oh no um
You don't think I'm getting married
You can escape
Mr. Gu, I believe in Miss Tang
I don't want another woman by your side, do I?
It's my business.
No one cares
So I went away on my own
Don't bother the vice president
Humph
My woman remembers clearly
You are just my network
Take a break